Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/gcp/index.rst

.. versionadded:: 3.13.0

> Wazuh helps to increase the security of a GCP infrastructure by collecting and analyzing log data. Wazuh uses the Google Cloud Pub/Sub messaging and ingestion service. It is widely used for event-driven systems and streaming analytics. It allows to send and receive messages between applications. The Wazuh module uses it to fetch different kinds of events (Data access, Admin activity, System events, DNS queries, etc.) from the Google Cloud infrastructure. Once events are collected, Wazuh processes them using its `threat detection rules <../user-manual/ruleset/index>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh helps to increase the security of a GCP infrastructure by collecting and analyzing log data. Wazuh uses the Google Cloud Pub/Sub messaging and ingestion service. It is widely used for event-driven systems and streaming analytics. It allows to send and receive messages between applications. The Wazuh module uses it to fetch different kinds of events (Data access, Admin activity, System events, DNS queries, etc.) from the Google Cloud infrastructure. Once events are collected, Wazuh processes them using its `threat detection rules <../user-manual/ruleset/index.html>`__.
```

The data flow between the Wazuh module and Cloud Pub/Sub looks as follows:

> #. A publisher application creates a topic in the Cloud Pub/Sub service and sends messages to the topic. For this blog post, the publisher applications will be sending Activity logs and Cloud DNS events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A publisher application creates a topic in the Cloud Pub/Sub service and sends messages to the topic. In this example, the publisher applications will be sending Activity logs and Cloud DNS events.
```
